#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   opengeodeweb-back
    #   referencing
blinker==1.7.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   opengeodeweb-back
flask[async]==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
    #   opengeodeweb-back
flask-cors==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-background==7.7.1
    # via
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-simplex
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-common==30.1.2
    # via
    #   geode-background
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-numerics
    #   geode-simplex
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-conversion==5.2.1
    # via
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-explicit==4.4.3
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-implicit==2.6.1
    # via opengeodeweb-back
geode-numerics==4.3.0
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-simplex
    #   opengeodeweb-back
geode-simplex==6.5.1
    # via opengeodeweb-back
geode-viewables==2.2.0
    # via opengeodeweb-back
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via opengeodeweb-back
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   opengeodeweb-back
markupsafe==2.1.4
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   opengeodeweb-back
    #   werkzeug
opengeode-core==14.13.2
    # via
    #   geode-background
    #   geode-common
    #   geode-conversion
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-numerics
    #   geode-simplex
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciences
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeode-inspector
    #   opengeode-io
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-geosciences==7.4.0
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-geosciencesio==4.6.0
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-inspector==4.0.6
    # via
    #   geode-explicit
    #   geode-implicit
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeode-io==6.4.0
    # via
    #   geode-implicit
    #   geode-viewables
    #   opengeode-geosciencesio
    #   opengeodeweb-back
opengeodeweb-back==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   opengeodeweb-back
rpds-py==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   opengeodeweb-back
    #   referencing
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   opengeodeweb-back
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   opengeodeweb-back
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   opengeodeweb-back
